thank y'all so I am outside on this
beautiful Sunday morning and I have
decided to wash my hair and I really
really need to wash my hair I haven't
washed it in a while um so this is
basically what I look like getting out
of the bed nothing done to my hair at
all this is it just raw so um what I'm
gonna wash my hair with this morning is
I'm actually going to use a cactus plant
that I picked up from the flea market
and they sell it at flea market here but
actually we have a Hispanic section
where you know Mexicans sell all their
different you know made of produce and
the cactus is one of them that they have
and I should have had um the cactus in
my hand but I don't have it because I
didn't cut enough I did do it the I
guessed modern way of actually
extracting the the pulp and stuff from
the cactus so on actually they were nice
enough to cut all the pricklies off for
me so I didn't have to do that process
so all the prickles prickly pieces were
already cut off for me all I had to do
is really I cut it up and I used water
and I use some of my olive plant and I
put it in a nutribullet and blended it
up after it was blended I took a whole
t-shirt and then squeeze all the juice
and the I guess the goo out of the
cactus without having any the bits of
cactus so that way I don't get any in my
hair so I'm not I'm not using any soap
the oils at all so I'm trying to just
really be as as natural as I possibly
can be so I'm going to use the cash
so you can see good see how my hair
looks hopefully it'll help it to mat up
a little bit more I would like for them
to form a little bit better so I'm not
gonna really tape the process of me
doing doing it because it's gonna be a
complete mess but I am gonna show you
what it looks like after I did
everything so this is what I'm left with
now so I'm gonna put this concoction on
my hair and then I'm going to rinse it
off but I am gonna use a salt water
rinse so I do have some salt that I
bought from Whole Foods and some sea
salt so I am going to use that on my
hand and I would know how it comes out
but yeah these are my Maxine at sea
routes which I love my hair I love my
roots and
the hey y'all I am back after washing my
hair it's not completely dry yet still a
little wet it's been a little rainy on
and off this morning so I wasn't able to
you know get in there and let the Sun
dry on my hair like I really really
wanted it to but um oh my overall
results I love the only thing I think I
would do different is the way that I
strained the cactus I used a wife-beater
instead of a t-shirt so I think some of
the bits of cactus kind of seeped
through the wife-beater because you know
it is you know pretty pretty thin
material so I think next time I will use
a different just gonna be a cotton shirt
cotton t-shirt instead but yeah this is
my hair thinking about trying to let
some of them combine a little bit more
because I do want them a little bit
thicker so I'm not gonna train them as
much you know separate them as much just
let them get together do what they want
to do but my hair
you see how some of them are combined
already that one has two
so this is a pretty that is gonna be a
thick walk once it grows more
this is gonna be a thick one in the back
but that's it my um overall review of
using the cactus I really like it
um hopefully let's see if it helps you
know my hair matte together a little bit
better cuz you see I've got tons of
frizz going on but you know that's just
my hair it's just my hair texture that's
just the way that it does so we'll see